Add instruction counting support. (#17744)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/08-vernac-commands-and-options/17744-instruction-counting.rst

- **Added:**

>   new command `Instructions sentence` that executes the given `sentence` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  new command modifier :cmd:`Instructions` that executes the given command and
```
